hello how r 3 4 5 in this walkthrough
attended a bigger plate walkthrough will
have narration if you don't like it but
I go away will just make you that's all
nothing else maybe kick in the face when
you damn you excuse called frizzle fraz
it's um yeah it's called french fries it
click this little pretty balls of fur
whatever right here but I'm gonna call
them where names of each as we go along
you know the name Johnny the bumper says
clicks keys to open doors I thought keys
were reading but they're mine but its
platform without oh here we go cross
here that's evil twin for his go frazzle
whatever do need extra health heart I
don't really need it this is knees a
little we this said well I got a vision
a kippah that after make sure did I get
hit by that whatsoever key ding is all
good proud proud down about what Mike no
reason we yeah what was it the five keys
now get over the store that was fun
I'll two out of 25 its water level we
yellow come okay was it along to be
ecology you see me through those things
to purchase so I doubt he'll you know if
you get oh I hate water levels past here
ah this level Tara blood
claire goh goh zoo all right hopefully I
will die this time hopefully presenter
but anyone say it again unless you want
to meet vodkas high level don't let that
sway at y'all just hit it yeah is that
probably i'll follow you will stalk you
try to hit you here we go whoo yay woody
get through it I've had any last guys
I'm they're all named dirt we call
Frizzles how quick Frizzle okay what's
happened to do
oh dude owes those Frizzles right here
before to come down for already
you go up here is pop diary my god
taught to me every time visit here comes
here comes in yeah we just wait here
fish out of water just kidding haha
ticks me off even more oh my god alright
who click that woohoo go through oh my
god there yo yeah I swear to god it
sounds like my toilet when I whatever I
this came like the ball look Joe why is
my spikes are the photo of bed we're
missing one key take it okay now this is
where the last king of Frizzle whatever
whatever it's called nice all right
they're getting it look yep through here
we two three jumps took you there where
he'll be hauling heads be there
great lovely my sarcasm game